[Stay Strong]
[Gao Qian]
Captain -
Rescue boats 2. 3. 4. 5
returning with 20 rescued workers.
Ding Yi. can we save the last two?
With the fire and unstable air currents
I can hover one minute max.
Gao Qian. what's the plan?
Let me down. I'll get them.
Move off and come back when I say.
The oil rig is about to collapse.
You sure about this?
No problem. Everyone?
All good!
Captain Ding. your call.
Commander. three-one good to go.
Northwest wind. speed three mps.
Altitude two-four-zero feet.
Two-three-zero. two-two-zero.
Rescue boat. leave now!
Bai. look after the captain!
On it!
CRS431. update your situation.
Gao Qian reporting -
Captain Ding is injured.
Huo Da. take over!
Co-pilot Huo Da taking over.
Sorry. Captain.
One more. stay strong...
You okay. Huo Da?
Captain Gao.
we can't get over the rig to let you down.
I'll jump out here.
Huo Da. fly over the flames.
Slow down when I say.
I'll let the winch swing me over.
Keep an eye on me.
For sure.
Huo Da. go!
Down five.
Down three.
Five...
Four...
Three...
Two...
One...
Slow down!
Gao Qian reporting -
Two wounded. One's stable.
One has a compound leg fracture.
Look at me. Deep breath.
Breathe in. breathe out.
Breathe in.
Huo Da. we're at three o'clock.
Come in between the cranes.
Copy!
C'mon.
Come down. now!
Hurry!
Huo Da!
Three-one. behind you!
Captain Gao!
Gao Qian. are you okay? Update your situation!
I'm okay.
Gao Qian. we can't fly over.
Stay put. I'll figure it out!
Don't go! Come back!
Come back!
Hurry!
Help me lift him. let's go.
C'mon.
Let's go.
Come. lie down.
Put this on. Give me your hand. hurry.
Take this. I'll contact you.
I'll contact you.
Three-one. come to the tower.
Huo Da.
you can do it.
Three-one. I'm halfway.
Huo Da. stay focused.
I'll read the data.
Tower height three-three-zero.
down another hundred.
Three-one. I'm ten meters from the top.
Four-four-zero. four-three-five.
Is this the one?
Yes. it is!
Captain Gao. we're nearly there!
Forward four...
Forward three...
Forward two...
Forward one...
We're here!
Steady!
Go!
Huo Da... left the team.
He felt he'd come up short.
And Ding Yi?
His decision I can understand.
I can't possibly let you leave the team.
You were assigned the task urgently. no one would blame you.
If it weren't for Captain Ding
I'd have got all of us killed.
These four years
I was just lucky.
Look at Lucky.
Remember the day we pulled her up from the ocean?
We were all very amazed -
how did she manage to survive the sea?
It wasn't because she was lucky that she found us.
It was her persistence that got her the lucky chance.
Remember.
it's not luck that gives out chances.
Captain Gao.
in the helicopter there should be none who hesitates.
Ding Yi -
It was my fault.
Gao Qian. don't say that.
It's not about you.
- No. - But...
Have you ever considered
why our team works so well together?
It's because we trust you.
Twenty years of flying
but this time really scared me.
Once fear comes. it doesn't leave.
Eight...
Nine...
Ten...
Eleven...
Twelve...
Thirteen...
Fourteen...
Slow down.
Congcong. you can meet a lot of friends during summer school.
and they say the choir here is really good.
Does that sound good?
Yeah.
Men. we're meeting our new pilot. Fang Yuling.
So tidy up when we get back.
Okay.
We're getting a female pilot?
Don't act up.
No way. Like you. I'm a perfect gentleman.
You're full of it.
Just don't embarrass us.
Race to the finish!
Here I come. Ms. Captain!
What a steady hand!
Reporting to Chief Pan.
The helicopter performs very well.
Normal function. no problems.
Great. Let me introduce you.
This is Gao Qian. the main winchman.
He's also our operations captain.
Hello.
This is Yuling's co-pilot Liu Bin.
Hi.
Winch operator Zhao Cheng.
Second winchman...
Hi. Bai Yang. Can't wait to work together.
Hello.
Gao Qian. work with Yuling on the schedule.
Yes. sir.
This way.
Hello.
Captain Gao. I've read all your team's reports.
You've done well. A high number of successful missions.
Thank you. They're a good team.
But your method has problems.
What problems?
After the oil rig incident.
you lost two men. Isn't that a problem?
You don't have to go to such extremes.
What if there's no other way?
In rescue work. self-confidence is good.
But you have to think of others too.
You saved those people.
But if the team doesn't survive. what then?
I decided to go in.
I know what I can do and what I can't.
I understand you rely on your intuition.
I rely on my instrument panel.
It tells me what I can do.
and what I can't.
I understand this too.
Captain Gao.
we share a goal. it's to save lives.
You save people. I look after the team.
So we need to work together.
Our motto is to give hope to others...
But not at the cost of your own life.
If that's your view. what can I say?
But saving few more lives. isn't it worth it?
You can relax. you can sigh
But don't let defeat make you cry
Or unable to eat your rice
Every step you take. step on high
Success is yours if hard you try
Next.
Gao Yicong.
Quiet.
Gao Yicong. what's wrong?
Why'd you copy my hairstyle?
I didn't.
Mama says wasting food is wrong.
You'll be punished for it.
It's not that I'm greedy.
I don't want you to be punished.
Eat it and go. I want to be alone.
Who wants to be alone?
Look at you.
Alone on the slide. no one even says hello.
If I don't play with you. no one will.
Also.
No one wants to play with losers.
No one plays with you either.
That's different.
I don't like to play with winners.
What are you looking at?
I'm looking at my mom.
Your mom? Where?
She died.
Died? That's sad.
You don't really think souls end up there. do you?
My grandma says it's true.
Ever been on a plane?
I have.
Up there I saw the sun and clouds.
But I didn't see your mom.
You should get your dad to find a new mom.
She'd love you a lot.
A new mom?
Alright. let's move on to another case of failed operation.
A two hundred foot fishing vessel
was stranded 60 miles offshore. causing a breach in the hull.
Twenty people on board.
In the end only ten were rescued.
What was the problem?
It's how they lifted out the victims.
There was a strong breeze. with heavy waves juddering the ship.
There were also antennas. trawl nets and poles on the deck.
The horrid conditions must have taken them a lot of time
keeping the helicopter and ship together and delayed the rescue.
No.
they overestimated the S92A's load and wind resistance
and didn't drop the life rafts at once.
Or else it would've saved time
getting on and off the helicopter.
But there was another complication.
Just ten minutes before the boat sank
they discovered aside from the twenty crew
there were eight more trapped in the cargo hold.
The ten crew waiting in the helicopter were in medical shock
and had to be sent away immediately.
What should we do next?
We could get in the passenger cabin from the deck.
through the engine room and into the hold.
The ship was tipping over 30 degrees.
it would be hard to open the hatch.
We couldn't make it in ten minutes.
I think Bai is along the right lines.
The hull breach was closest to the hold.
we could consider getting in from there.
That's right.
I could bring blasting tools and spare air tanks.
get in there via the breach
and bring them out.
Didn't we say the ten crew needed immediate aid?
We couldn't just wait for you.
You could send them away.
I'd bring the rest to the rafts and wait.
That's impossible in such a nasty condition.
Your suggestion is way too risky.
Plus I'd got to be responsible for your safety.
I'd be in good control.
I am the pilot. I have the power to forbid action.
You are the pilot. so you should trust your team.
Alright. alright. That's it.
We're the ones with our lives on the line.
If she can't be flexible.
how can we work together?
I get your point.
But she's our pilot. We all have to adapt.
She's done lots of missions.
That was just talk. On the job. I'm sure she's more open.
Stop overreacting. okay?
I'm not overreacting.
We've all done over hundreds of missions.
We know how to judge a situation.
But when we're flying with her
she has to agree to our plan. right?
The truth is -
we two know what works and what doesn't.
So. it's like this -
if you do it. we say yes.
If we say yes. you do it. Right?
Captain Gao -
let's invite Captain Fang along tonight.
It'll be our welcome to the team.
Sure. Who'll ask her?
I'm afraid if I go I'll ruin your chances.
Yuk. wet!
Can I come in?
Sure.
Are you all free tonight?
I'm inviting you to dinner.
I'm free.
The two of us can go.
The others are busy.
There's a big beach party.
Come with us.
Sure. sounds good.
What? It's true.
She's like a different person.
This is her when she's off-duty.
Onwards. Gao Yicong!
We're here.
Dad. I beat Uncle Cheng!
That's amazing.
What. you can't even beat my son?
He learned to fight from you.
Congcong. you fight well.
Cheng's always teasing me.
Hit him for me. okay?
- I didn't - Sure.
Hit him again...
Congcong. what's up?
Auntie Yuling. you're a pilot?
Yes.
Can I fly with you?
No.
It's not for everyone.
So who's it for?
People who need to fly.
I need to.
You do? Why's that?
I want to see my mom in heaven.
Adults can't lie to children.
Auntie Yuling. do you have kids?
No.
Do you like children?
Sure. why do you ask?
Congcong. come here.
Quick!
Sorry. my son keeps pestering you.
Not at all.
How'd you come to be a pilot?
Not many girls want to do that.
Is it so strange?
My dad was a military pilot.
So I like flying too.
I used to be with the infantry.
Where did your dad serve?
He was a fighter jet test pilot. Fang Muting.
The one who died 6 years ago on a test flight?
In fact.
he inspired me to take this path.
I remember Mr. Fang used to say
the courage to go forward
is the key to success.
I really agree with that.
Our talk earlier today. that's what I meant.
I apologize again.
You didn't tell me about school.
Make any new friends?
Dad -
when will you find me a new mom?
You just said you missed mom.
Why look for a new one?
I miss her.
But a new mom can love me and care for me.
I love you and care for you. don't I?
You're a dad. not a mom.
Isn't it the same thing?
It's different.
It's the same.
Hurry and find one.
I dropped a screw!
Quick. find it or the plane won't fly.
Dad. you're so dumb.
Darling.
do you like this bridal gown?
Very pretty.
It's hand-made in Italy.
Of course it's pretty.
Italian -
sounds expensive.
Of course it is.
Here. sit down.
We...
need to watch our money.
Don't go wasting your money.
I'm not. I bought it with yours.
That's even worse!
Your money means more than wedding photos?
Fine.
I'll buy a bunch of expensive dresses
for people who do want photos.
Anyway. you won't do it. right?
I'm going to buy this now.
I'll get more later.
- Calm down. - Buying it.
- I was wrong. - Buying now.
I'll do it!
Why not just say so?
When we have time.
Rescue 102. CRS431. over.
Heading to 23˚ 39' 57" N.
107˚ 34' 59" E. mountain rescue training.
Search radius three nautical miles.
Sector pattern search. 45 minutes max.
102 copy. watch the weather.
Stable weather for two hours. Good luck.
Putting through APR 2.
Signal light. check. Power. check.
Target hover height fifty feet.
Eight-zero. seven-zero...
Zhao Cheng is off hook.
Bai Yang is off hook.
You two set up.
We'll report from the standby point.
Copy.
Liu Bin -
We have a problem. check it out.
What's wrong?
The joystick is stuck.
Captain. the main reducer...
We're losing oil pressure.
Mayday! Mayday!
Everyone - seat belts. prepare for forced landing.
The signal's too weak to put out a mayday!
Reduce speed to Vy. shut the vents.
Turn off autopilot. down five hundred.
Speed check. vents check. AP check!
Liu Bin. monitor obstacles at ten to twelve o'clock.
Hill in six-zero.
Altitude six-two-zero feet. we're clear.
There's a waterfall ahead.
We'll land above it.
Captain. what if it's unstable?
No choice. That's it.
Landing spot at eleven o'clock.
Distance five-zero. Speed?
Sixty knots.
Temperature. pressure?
Temperature one-two-five. pressure twenty.
Drop wheels.
Check.
Bank angle?
Normal. Altitude one-zero-zero... Nine-zero...
Cancel hovering.
Prepare to land.
Seven-zero...
Six-zero...
Five-zero...
Four-zero...
Three-zero...
Two-zero...
Gao Qian. what's the situation?
We're still inspecting. I'll report any update.
The weather there is unpredictable.
Night flight is too risky. Stay there.
Be safe and stay in touch.
Copy.
Also. we've contacted Zhao and Bai.
They're both safe.
Roger. Thank you.
Why's this in the main reducer?
Didn't you say you checked it twice?
I'm sorry. Captain. I slipped up...
Slipped up?
Is that okay then?
Liu Bin.
Need any help?
No. I can handle it.
Inspect it again properly!
The weather's turning.
They said wait till tomorrow to fly.
Who knows if we can fly at all?
I'd stop blaming him.
He feels guilty enough as it is.
As team leaders.
we're liable for everyone's safety.
True.
This is fun.
Try it.
Clear your mind.
Just give it a try.
Congcong told me.
He was two.
She died of cancer.
He's so little. who looks after him?
His grandmother was.
She thought it'd be better for him.
But he's grown so introverted.
So I brought him here and hope it'll help.
He said that your wife once rescued you.
Was she part of the rescue team?
No. it was me who rescued her.
She was the first person I ever saved.
I'm Gao Qian.
That's so corny.
Sure you didn't make it up?
Does it sound made up?
The storm. lightning. cliff...
You can improve on those old cliches.
Cold?
Aren't you?
What d'you think?
I think...
let's keep each other warm.
Don't give me that look.
I like girls.
But I'm freezing.
Turn around. Don't look at me.
I'm not.
Don't tell anyone.
Our secret.
CRS431. Rescue 102. over.
Four-three-one copy.
22˚ 06' 18" N.
107˚ 22' 45" E.
A 3.6 earthquake just hit.
How's your fuel level?
Are you fit for mission?
We're six nautical miles from the site.
Ninety from base.
Fuel level six hundred.
We'll have only ten minutes on site.
We're mission-ready. good to go.
Agree. go to it.
Rescue 102. CRS431 on site. over.
Vehicle transporter totalled.
Oil tanker cabin wedged into cliff.
The driver is still conscious.
The tanker may explode any minute!
Three-one. one survivor. planning rescue. over.
I'll secure the cabin with the second winch.
Move a safe distance away. Agreed?
Agreed.
It's sheltered here
with a narrow gorge and unstable air currents.
Liu Bin. what's the data?
Southeast wind. speed six mps.
Downdraft sixty mpm.
Close the doors. hold on!
Follow it!
Turbulence!
SEP decreasing
to ten percent.
Watch it. if it's under five tell me.
Air currents stable.
Prepare for rescue.
Steady. Lower cable.
Opening the rear door!
Right four.
Right two.
Maintain.
Lock it!
Captain Gao is out!
Lock the second winch!
I'm on site.
Liu Bin. monitor wind change.
What's the SEP?
Eight. Temperature normal.
Captain Gao! Watch your back!
Gao Qian!
Bai. tighten it up!
Zhao Cheng!
Captain Gao!
Save him first!
Hold on. you'll be okay.
Hold on.
My foot...
Zhao Cheng!
Zhao Cheng! The spare mask!
What's happening?
His leg is trapped.
Bai. tool bag. hurry!
Tanker parts in the river!
Captain Gao. watch out for debris!
Zhao Cheng!
Hurry!
Welding gun!
Here.
Watch out. Captain Gao!
Zhao Cheng!
What's happening?
Zhao Cheng! Buddy!
Buddy!
Zhao Cheng is injured. over.
Captain. tanker body approaching fast.
Captain Gao. time's up. hurry!
Captain Gao -
hurry!
Give me your hand.
Bai. go!
Prepare to cut cable.
What did the doctor say?
It's nothing.
That's nothing?
It was so hectic. I had no time to think.
You knew the chopper hit turbulence.
You should've obeyed the pilot's orders.
True.
But I'm so used to your pace.
It was a gut reaction. hard to change.
Listen -
when you stopped breathing I nearly lost it.
It's true what they say about dying.
What's that?
Just as the soul is about to leave the body
you see the person most important to you.
Is that me?
Thankfully. no.
Thankfully. you're still here.
Joker!
Do you read the words on that orange every day?
Of course.
I have something to tell you.
My love.
What are you doing?
I always thought taking wedding photos
was a trivial matter.
But why
couldn't I do such a small thing for you?
I don't want us to have regrets.
But how?
You won't even wear a suit.
I've prepared everything.
How's this. darling?
Here. take this.
Group A. get ready!
Over there. you too.
Remember -
your struggle is with nature. not each other!
You two catch up! Didn't you eat breakfast?
Faster! Push through your limits!
C'mon. faster!
Too slow!
Don't slack off.
Yuling. faster!
Daddy.
Are my pants brownish?
Yup.
But brown looks ugly here...
Daddy's off from work tomorrow.
We can go fly this plane.
Yeah!
Daddy.
Do you like Auntie Yuling?
Kids shouldn't be asking these questions.
Why can't I ask?
Do you like her or not?
No.
Why don't you?
Why can't I not like her?
I like her. so you should too.
That's not how it works.
Daddy. you've got to say yes.
C'mon. say yes!
Got it?
Come out.
Leave me alone. daddy.
I've got some good news for you.
I'm pooping!
There are plenty of helicopters I will visit tomorrow.
Does anyone else want to go?
I wanna go. I wanna go!
Go where?
I wanna go!
What's that stink? Didn't you wipe?
Does it stink? Does it?
Gross!
So stinky. go wipe yourself...
Go. go...
Wow. that's amazing.
That's my dad.
Your dad's amazing.
Yeah. he really is.
My dad's amazing...
Didn't you promise me a helicopter ride?
That's where we're going.
Great.
Let's go.
Congcong. first you need to learn this hand signal.
Ready for take off.
Dad!
What?
We're flying!
So pretty. like the real thing!
Congcong.
Auntie Yuling granted you your wish.
What do you say?
Thank you. Auntie Yuling!
Good boy.
But I have another wish.
Don't be so greedy.
You can tell me when we get home.
What is it. Congcong? Maybe I can help?
Do you like my dad?
Congcong. look at that sky...
My dad likes you!
Stop joking. I never said I liked her. so -
I'm so sorry. that's not what I meant.
This kid - he's always kidding around.
Can you be my new mom?
We're falling! Danger! Hold on!
Can you?
Xinqiao.
Where'd you go?
Hello. Congcong's mom!
Let's go play.
Okay. let's go.
Mom. I'm going to play.
Sure.
Have fun. Be good!
Yuling -
Go play.
Liu Bin is quitting. Did he tell you?
Quitting?
Liu Bin!
What happened? Why the sudden decision?
Personal reasons.
Liu Bin -
this will have an impact on morale.
People go all the time. no big deal.
I followed procedure.
and paid compensation.
Find a better job if you like.
But to go like this is irresponsible!
Critical incident. critical incident!
All unit directors and captains to the command room immediately...
Are you coming?
Captain Fang. let's go.
Hurry. this way!
This way!
Cheng!
Look after Congcong. Wait here for me.
This way!
Careful!
We'll wait here. You take this zone.
A passenger jet. Larus Wings HL538.
ran into extreme weather and got caught
in a thunderstorm thirty nautical miles wide.
Hail has taken out both engines.
It's now gliding
towards its scheduled destination.
But the situation is unclear.
Rescue ships are on the way.
Prepare diving gear and life rafts.
Stand by at the helipad.
Yes sir!
Chief -
I can't make Liu Bin stay.
But this is huge.
Let me fly by myself.
It's been too long
since I've seen action.
I'll go with you.
Yes. sir!
It's okay my love.
Larus Wings 538. approach.
radar indicates you are fifty nautical miles from the airport.
You will be out of the storm area. expect three minutes.
Commander. all flights have landed.
Departures cancelled. Runway is clear.
Attention all units -
Larus Wings 538 has emergency clearance for priority landing.
ETA ten minutes. runway 05.
Approach. Larus Wings 538.
Flight level one-five-zero.
Speed's at two-seven-two knots.
We are descending at 2.000 feet per minute.
Approach. Larus Wings 538.
We can see the sky now.
We are now flight level one-three-zero. two-eight-two knots.
And request vectoring to the airport please.
We've lost the RAT!
What's the charge on the battery?
At 25 percent.
Okay. I think we can make it to the airport.
Ladies and gentlemen. this is the captain speaking.
We are through the storm.
and you can remove your mask.
Our plane will be landing at the airport as planned.
Please remain calm.
It's fine. okay?
I wanna be home...
It's all we need. we gonna make it okay...
Are you okay?
Sir please sit down. leave her to us.
Sit down. leave her to us.
Robert.
That's my baby!
No! Don't pull!
Inflate them only at our instruction!
What's wrong?
Approach. Larus Wings 538. we've hit a microburst!
Sink rate. vertical speed 3500.
In emergency descent from 10000 to 8500.
We can't land at the airport as planned.
Attention. rescue units. change of plan!
Rescue teams to the scene immediately.
The plane will ditch in seven minutes.
Target area is twenty nautical miles from shore.
24° 20' 29" N
118° 31' 30" E
Search radius five nautical miles.
113 souls on board.
Head out!
Roger.
CRS431. the runway is clear.
Keep rescue zone in sight. Cleared for takeoff.
There's an emergency situation.
A passenger jet is ditching in the sea.
Divert all ships from Dongdu Fairway immediately!
Emergency situation.
A passenger jet is ditching in the sea.
Divert all ships from Dongdu Fairway immediately.
Larus Wings 538. this is China Rescue.
We're heading to your position.
Larus Wings 538 -
Rescue team is now estimating twenty miles from you.
I got it...
Thank you.
Oh my god. are you okay?
Prepare for ditching.
Press ditching button.
Turn off all ventilation.
Ready all flaps in position.
Flap one.
Flap two.
Flap three.
Nearly there. Get ready.
Open the rear door.
Cabin crew. prepare for impact.
Brace. brace. brace! Head down. stay down!
Too fast! Air brake!
Altitude seven hundred feet...
Six hundred feet...
Five hundred feet...
Four hundred feet...
Three hundred feet...
Shit!
Chief. three choppers can hold up the tail.
A slower sink rate means more time for the rescue.
Pilots. can you do this?
Positive.
Three-two positive.
Three-four positive.
Three-three. on-site support.
Gear up and prepare to dive.
A and C teams to the emergency exits.
B and D cover the tail.
Ready!
Set!
Jump!
Zhao Cheng. hurry. the tail is sinking.
Three-one and three-two. pull up.
Three-two stabilized.
Three-one stabilized.
Tail in position.
Given the plane's situation.
the winch will hold fifteen minutes max.
Everyone. move fast!
Three-four. come closer.
Three-four locked on. over.
An Peng. what's the tail like?
Blocked by seats.
Quick. open a passage
to let more people out.
Roger.
Zhao Cheng. open the forward door.
Bai.
Here.
Dong Liang. clear the aisle. hurry.
Captain. the nose is cracked.
It could split any moment. hurry.
Over here...
It's alright.
I'll get you out.
Captain. we can't open the side exits.
Break the windshield.
Enter through the cockpit. Hurry.
Copy.
Hurry. take them out.
Get rid of the luggage.
Hydraulic shears!
Carry them out carefully.
Three-two. we can't sustain this weight much longer. over.
We need to increase the load on the winch.
Chief. can we?
Yes. When you get to eighty percent tell me.
All units. we only have ten minutes.
Evacuate the wounded ASAP.
Stay calm. let me help you.
You okay? Put your hands around me. c'mon.
Carry her out.
Zhao Cheng. there's a baby in there.
Hurry.
This is taking too long.
I'll go in through the crack.
Copy.
Carry on!
Rescue 102. CRS431. over.
What's your ETA?
CRS431. twenty minutes.
Rescue boat team. ETA five minutes. over.
Captain. I'm in!
Captain. the baby's okay.
I've widened the space. give me the baby.
Okay.
Bai. help the wounded.
Copy.
Prepare the float.
Number ones. critically wounded. first.
The baby is coming out.
Quick. check the rest.
Alright.
Okay?
Help my husband...
Okay. I will.
Hurry.
Take her. careful.
Gao Qian. speed it up.
What's going on at the nose?
Still can't get in.
How many more to go?
Lightly wounded all out. 15 critical left.
Three-two. three-four. how much longer can you hold on?
Three-two in the danger zone. over.
Three-four at seventy percent. over.
All units - final five minutes.
Zhao Cheng.
I've made a hole. send them out.
Rescue boat team on site. over.
You take the wings. we'll take the tail.
Copy.
The plane is sinking. Tow the rafts away now!
Three-three. first group of wounded on way to the rescue ship. over.
The angle of the plane is increasing.
The second boat team ETA four minutes.
Congcong. what's wrong?
I can't see.
Now? Is it okay?
It's okay.
No more from the tail.
It's blocked here. evacuate from the front.
42 evacuated. over.
Captain Fang. our winch won't hold much longer.
Three-two same situation. over.
Captain Gao. how many left for evac?
Eight in the cabin. plus the cockpit.
The winches are failing! Quick!
Zhao Cheng. open the cockpit door.
Roger!
I'll get you out. come on.
Where's my baby...
Don't worry. she's fine.
We are taking care of her. okay?
You'll see her very soon.
Zhao Cheng. no time. hurry.
Hey! Open the door!
Hey!
Son. I need you to open the door...
Can you hear me?
Hurry!
Watch out!
Here. help him out.
Are you okay? Come on!
Check on the captain...
I will.
Go help them. I'll do this.
Alright!
Zhao Cheng. go!
Captain Gao. I can make it.
Okay. hurry.
It's the seat. I can't... I'm jammed in the seat.
Bring him over.
Watch her injuries.
The winch has reached its limit.
All personnel evacuate now!
Now!
Zhao Cheng. hurry.
I'm almost there.
The winch won't hold.
Abandon mission. evacuate!
Almost done!
Out in a sec.
All of you. go now.
Captain Gao!
Do not go back in!
Winch operator. cut the cable.
Three-two. cable cut.
Rescue boats. leave at speed.
Zhao Cheng. get out!
Coming!
Three-four. the winch can't hold. over.
Gao Qian. Zhao Cheng. get out!
Zhao Cheng!
C'mon.
Commander -
confirming it's Rescue Team member Zhao Cheng.
Come back!
It's not your fault.
It's not good to blame yourself.
Whatever I order them to do. they never hesitate.
Dad!
Don't go. dad!
Congcong. I'm right here. don't cry.
I'm right here.
Dad. you fell into the sea. I couldn't find you.
Dad. I don't want you to be like Uncle Cheng.
Dad. I don't want you to go to work.
I don't want you to go.
Mr. Gao?
That's me.
Great. I've finally found you.
We went to the base in Hainan.
They said you transferred here.
And you are...?
Oh. sorry. my name is Li. from England.
It's my wife who wants to see you.
To apologize in person.
You saved me...
I'm so sorry...
I'm sorry...
Five years ago.
there was a fire on a cruise ship.
It was you who saved her.
Afterwards.
we returned to England for medical treatment.
But she couldn't face her injuries.
She was so depressed
she tried to kill herself.
Luckily. fate intervened.
Then one day
she saw a newspaper report of the accident
and broke down.
She came crying to me.
She felt she had done wrong
to the man who risked his life to save her.
It's my job.
Mr. Li.
seeing that you've made it through makes me very happy.
Thank you.
Is this your son?
Yes.
Congcong. say hello.
Hello.
Your dad. he's a true hero.
You should be proud.
Dad.
I remembered.
You remembered what?
Dad is baba and hero is yingxiong.
Everyone says you're a hero.
Does that make me one?
Yeah.
Dad -
here's an award.
And another.
I've come to see you.
Thanks. Come in.
Congcong.
Auntie Yuling.
What's this game?
Racing cars.
Wow. you're good.
What's wrong?
Dad. I can't see that well.
What. do your eyes hurt?
I'm okay.
Right. no more gaming.
You should take a rest.
Let's have some cakes!
Let's fly! Look what Auntie Yuling brought!
Which one do you want?
How about this one?
Okay.
Go on.
Can we have a chat?
Sure.
Everyone wants you back.
Is it because of Congcong?
It's because of me.
When we met. I said you went to extremes.
Do you remember what you told me?
I understand your concerns.
But with your experience and abilities
I'm sure you can get past this.
I know what fear is.
I'm afraid it'll affect my decision-making.
You know there're only 300 of us in the country.
Without you. we're one part weaker.
But in fluid situations.
I need to rely on my intuition.
I can't hesitate...
Don't overthink.
On the job. you know what to do.
Wenshan says
you gave this watch to Zhao Cheng.
Zhao Cheng always said
happiness was working with you.
He'd want to carry on by your side.
Where's Congcong?
Congcong?
I'm in the bathroom. Where's Auntie Yuling?
Right here. Come have some more cakes.
Dad. why'd you turn off the lights?
I didn't.
What happened?
Dad. I can't see anything.
I'm scared.
Don't be scared. I'm coming.
Dad. I'm so scared!
Don't be afraid. Congcong.
What is it?
Dad. I can't see you.
It's okay. I'm here. Don't be scared.
Let's go. I'll drive you to the hospital.
Let's go.
Hurry.
Don't be scared...
According to the biopsy.
his osteosarcoma is no longer in remission.
And it's spread to his brain...
What did the doctor say?
The doctor said...
the tumor in his brain is 3cm in diameter.
The pressure on his optic nerve caused the loss of sight.
Although the condition has stabilized.
if we delay treatment.
the cancer could spread and kill him.
They'll operate tomorrow.
He's so young. It's too risky.
The doctor says the success rate is only thirty percent.
I don't understand -
why take the people I love the most?
To make up for those I've snatched from death?
It's okay.
You want to defeat me.
I'll fight you to the end.
Dad.
When can we go home?
Not yet.
There's a little monster in your body.
It's trying to get you.
Can the doctor chase it away?
But the doctor says
you have to be brave.
You need to fight the monster together.
If we lose do I die?
Of course not.
Remember what the foreign auntie called me?
Hero.
That's right.
You're the son of a hero.
You'll be a hero too one day.
Mr. Gao. over the next hour
we'll be preparing your son for surgery.
Thank you.
Dad.
I'm so hungry.
Be patient. You can eat right after.
New footage just in. The cause of the accident is unclear.
There's a danger of a second explosion.
as natural gas is highly explosive.
The area within three nautical miles is sealed off.
Rescue boats have had to evacuate.
More than twenty crew remain in the ship.
A special rescue team was dispatched
to try to save them before a second explosion.
Some rescuers have been injured.
Dad.
You have to save them.
You'd let me go?
Yes. You have to save them.
You're okay here by yourself?
I'm fine.
Hero. you have to come back!
Hi. I'm Gao Yicong's dad. room 708.
I have to be somewhere urgently.
I'll be back as soon as possible.
Li. I need help over here. hurry.
Coming through!
This way! Head to this side!
Captain Gao...
Xiao Liang.
Make way. make way!
Base - Four wounded. all needing stretchers.
Refuel. hurry!
Roger.
Captain An. ready to go.
Wait by the chopper.
Copy!
Captain Gao...
What's the situation?
We've rescued fifteen crew.
Eight more are in the B6 safe room.
They flooded it and try to cool it down.
Four rescuers including Bai Yang are trapped on B3.
More wounded are about to arrive. notify the hospital.
Chief -
the additional rescue teams have a thirty minutes ETA.
Chief. how many rescuers were injured?
Isn't Congcong having surgery?
The team needs people. We can go.
You should be with your kid. Why are you here?
Everyone belongs to a battlefield.
Mine is rescue.
Base - CRS431 landing with two injured.
It was carrying 100.000 cubic metres of natural gas.
Luckily. before it exploded.
it already offloaded 70.000.
Tanks 2 and 4 were empty.
Tank 3 exploded. the fire burned from the bottom up.
Storage pipes pushed the heat through the ship.
The lowest decks got extremely hot.
Tank 1 is only one-third fulll.
If it explodes. the damage can be contained.
But the Tank 5 is close to the main structure.
And it's the fullest.
Expert calculations
say that if it blows. it could destroy the ship.
Did they say how much time we have?
Less than thirty minutes.
I see.
Captain Gao!
Be very careful.
We will.
Come over to three-one!
Captain Fang.
Refuelling complete. Final checks. one minute.
CRS431. you have clearance for takeoff...
The ship's doors are damaged.
Only door 4 on the rear deck is passable.
Ladders go straight to the bottom deck.
B6 entrance is blocked.
We have to go through the B5 generator room
to reach the safe room on B6.
Captain An. you're across the situation on B3.
You rescue Bai Yang and the others.
Okay.
I'll go for the ship's crew.
It's a volatile situation.
We have to be clear on our course of action.
Successful or not.
in fifteen minutes. we must clear out.
- Right. - Copy that.
Captain Fang. ETA?
Ten minutes.
When did you start?
A week ago.
It's normal to be nervous.
Look after your oxygen.
Remember what you've learned.
45 seconds to approach.
CRS431 approaching target. over.
Open the rear door.
Rear deck fifty degrees.
Get ready.
Gao Qian!
Fifteen minutes.
It's too hot inside. it won't open.
Use C4 to blow it open.
Copy.
Three. two. one...
Gao Qian - get them. tell me. and I'll be back.
Go. go. go!
Watch the time.
150 degrees.
Copy.
Move fast. follow me.
The tumor is wrapped around the carotid artery.
Monitor his data closely.
Wait!
Blood pressure is 75 over 40. Heart rate 73.
His blood pressure is unstable.
Pause the operation.
Atropine 0.3. Deoxygenated kidney five mgs. IV push.
Don't move. I'm coming.
Hold on.
Here. give me your hand.
Up and over.
You okay?
Any injury? You okay?
No. I'm okay.
Stay with me.
Fire extinguisher bomb! Hurry!
Gao Qian. out of B5 generator room. over.
An Peng reporting. we've reached B3.
Bai Yang!
I'm trapped in here!
Hold on. Bai Yang. we're coming!
Are you okay?
We're on our way.
Hold on. We're nearly there.
Hold on...
Gao Qian. entering B6. over.
Safe room. safe room.
we are the rescue team. can you hear me?
Yes. yes I hear you!
What's the situation?
It's too hot. we can't take it any longer!
Hang in there. we're coming.
Let's go.
320 degrees.
Safe room. safe room.
can you confirm that it's flooded?
How much water?
30.000 liters. we've released all the water in the tank!
You're doing well. Okay listen.
I'm gonna put out the fire. and I need you to work with me. okay?
Okay!
Open the door once you hear the explosion.
so the water can cool down the corridor. Are you with me?
Okay. got it!
Let's do it.
Ready?
Steady.
Go!
Careful. gently.
Hang in.
Stench the bleeding.
Copy.
C'mon. wake up!
Wake up!
Hold on.
There are two more team members inside.
Don't go to sleep!
We're going.
Gao Qian. bringing crew to B5. over.
Copy. We're standing by.
Come on. let's move it! Hurry up!
Watch out!
Get down!
Stay here.
No way out up there.
We have to exit from below.
Five hundred degrees. Extinguisher bombs won't work.
Gao Qian. we're here. where are you?
We've got the crew and are on our way.
But the fire on B5 is out of control.
I'm working out a plan.
Watch the time.
Our only hope is via an elevator shaft that leads to the emergency cabin.
and to explode the ship's fire extinguishers in there.
Give me your explosives.
Let me do it. Captain.
You look after them.
As soon as the fire's out. race across.
The temperature is so high. the fire could re-ignite at any time.
Careful.
Go inside! Hurry!
Weiquan. get ready.
Hurry...
Go. go. go!
Captain Gao. you okay?
Take them. don't worry about me.
Roger.
What's the situation down there?
Nearly there.
Okay.
Captain An. I've got the crew!
Move! Quick! Hurry!
Where are you. Gao Qian?
Elevator shaft. coming up.
Get them out first. then return for me!
Wait.
Blood pressure 79 over 46. Heart rate 89.
He's losing too much blood. he's critical.
Prepare transfusion.
Deoxygenated kidney five mgs. IV push.
Gelfoam. quick.
Hurry.
Blood pressure 62 over 30. heart rate 120.
Again.
Hurry. hurry!
Pressurize the transfusion.
Again.
Blood presure?
Blood pressure 54 over 23. heart rate 130.
Blood pressure 50 over 24. heart rate 140.
He's going into shock.
Head down! Go! Quick!
Are they all out?
The eight crews are safe
but Captain Gao is still inside.
CRS431 ready for takeoff.
You can't go back. Captain Fang.
The ship is about to explode!
That's why I have to go. to save him!
If you go now there'll be more casualties.
His life is precious but so is yours.
Everyone. out.
I'll go myself.
Sir. co-pilot ready to go.
Sir. your winchman too.
CRS431 requests permission to take off.
Don't come back...
Is that you. Gao Qian?
Where are you?
The engine room.
The fire's out of control.
I'm trapped.
There's got to be a way.
Gao Qian -
there's got to be a way out.
We're all waiting for you.
Congcong too.
Gao Qian.
Gao Qian. answer me!
Gao Qian!
Answer me. Gao Qian!
Go see Congcong in hospital.
Don't tell him what happened.
Just say that
when I'm done here
I'll come get him.
Gao Qian!
Captain Gao!
One-zero-one. over.
Is that you. Gao Qian?
It's me.
It's Gao Qian.
Gao Qian's alive!
Wait for me. I'm coming.
Wait for me. I'll be right there.
Request permission to take off immediately.
Gao Qian. the hospital says
Congcong's surgery isn't going so well.
You'll make it.
You can hang on.
You're so brave.
You're so brave. hang in there.
You can defeat the monster.
I came back.
just like you told me to.
People ask me -
when you charge into danger
do you ever think you might die?
The answer is
yes.
Countless times.
Life is full of sudden disasters.
frustrations and challenges.
One following the other.
If you don't want to give in.
your only choice is to resist.
When we struggle for life to the last breath.
that breath
is courage itself.
- Hello. thank you for inviting us! - You're all most welcome.
Congcong!
Xinqiao. happy new year!
Are you having fun?
Lots!
Do you miss me?
I do!
So where's my present?
Don't tell me. let me guess.
Thank you.
Who's she? Why does she smile at you like that?
She's a friend.
So why are you smiling at her like that?
Answer me!
Hmph. don't think I'll be here waiting for you!